Update build and install documentation (#283)
arborx/ArborX: docs/build.md

Dependency | Version | Required           | Runtime
---        | ---     | ---                | ---
[Kokkos](https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos)     | 3.1.00  | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark:
MPI        | 2       |                    | :heavy_check_mark:
CMake      | 3.12    | :heavy_check_mark: |

# Build and installation

The build instructions for the Kokkos library can be found
[here](https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos#building-and-installing-kokkos).
ArborX requires the following options to be set in the Kokkos CMake build:

> - `Kokkos_CXX_STANDARD=14`

Reviewer: Not true

Author: Dude, it's such a job to pull out words out of your mouth :( Please elaborate.

Author: Is it simply `CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD=14` or later?

Reviewer: No you just don't need to specify anything.  You can build ArborX against a Kokkos that was built with C++11 just fine.

Author: Huh.. I guess I always thought we needed that, and in our [current](https://github.com/arborx/ArborX/blob/master/docs/build.md#L27) documentation we also specify that (though only for Trilinos). I'll remove it then.

Dependency | Version | Required           | Runtime
---        | ---     | ---                | ---
[Kokkos](https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos)     | 3.1.00  | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark:
MPI        | 2       |                    | :heavy_check_mark:
CMake      | 3.12    | :heavy_check_mark: |

# Build and installation

## CMake

Assuming that Kokkos is installed in `$KOKKOS_INSTALL_DIR`, configure ArborX
```CMake
ARGS=(

>     -D CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=RELWITHDEBINFO

Reviewer: Are you sure the spelling is ok.  I thought it was camelcase.
https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE.html

I would almost rather not mention it
https://github.com/arborx/ArborX/blob/52a3a64b713126d1ea97508a0cb3250d4a4d2ac7/CMakeLists.txt#L95-L101

Author: You are right, [latest](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/variable/CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE.html) CMake documentation spells it as `RelWithDebInfo`. I've always used it capitalized, though, I think they are backwards compatible.

The only reason I want to mention it here is that if users encounter an issue using ArborX, it would be easier for them to send us a backtrace and some debugging info.

Reviewer: But my point was it is the default.

Author: Default for what? I don't care what the default is. My point: if inexperienced user grabs ArborX, builds it following the provided instructions, and encounteres problems, wouldn't it be better if he had some debug info enabled to speed up our help?

Reviewer: If they omit `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE` it will be set to `RelWithDebInfo` by the snippet of code I posted.

Author: Sure. Look, I don't have a strong opinion on this. I thought it made sense. I am OK with changing it.

    -D CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX="$ARBORX_INSTALL_DIR"
    -D ARBORX_ENABLE_MPI=ON
    -D CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH="$KOKKOS_INSTALL_DIR"
    -D CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER="$KOKKOS_INSTALL_DIR/bin/nvcc_wrapper"

>     -D CMAKE_CXX_EXTENSIONS=OFF # required by Kokkos

Reviewer: That's fine but I believe that's a CUDA only thing.

Author: I trust you on this. I have no strong opinion whether we should mention it. It the configuration fails, I believe Kokkos will spell it out.

Dependency | Version | Required           | Runtime
---        | ---     | ---                | ---
[Kokkos](https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos)     | 3.1.00  | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark:
MPI        | 2       |                    | :heavy_check_mark:

> CMake      | 3.12    | :heavy_check_mark: |

Reviewer 2: No link for `CMake`?

Author: No. I think that people may not know what Kokkos is, but if they don't know CMake, we can't really help it.

# Build and installation

The Kokkos dependency build instructions can be found [here](https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos#building-and-installing-kokkos).

> ArborX requires Kokkos to be built using C++14 standard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ArborX requires Kokkos to be built with support for the C++14 standard.
```

(`-DKokkos_CXX_STANDARD=14`). In addition, if CUDA backend is desired, Kokkos

> must experimental lambda option enabled (`-DKokkos_ENABLE_CUDA_LAMBDA=ON`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
must be built with support for `__host__ __device__` lambdas (`-DKokkos_ENABLE_CUDA_LAMBDA=ON`).
```

Author: Not sure if we want to be this specific.

Reviewer 2: OK, then
```suggestion
must have the experimental lambda option enabled (`-DKokkos_ENABLE_CUDA_LAMBDA=ON`).
```
(even if that sounds even more obscure to me).

Author: Is it still experimental? Or should we just say `must have support for CUDA lambda`?

Reviewer 2: `CUDA` now also allows `--extended-lambda` instead of `--expt-extended-lambda`. It's not listed as experimental anymore. I am also fine just saying "In addition, if the CUDA backend is desired, Kokkos be configured with `-DKokkos_ENABLE_CUDA_LAMBDA=ON`" without any explanations what it's for.

## CMake

> Assuming that Kokkos is installed in `$KOKKOS_INSTALL_DIR`, configure ArborX

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assuming that Kokkos is installed in `$KOKKOS_INSTALL_DIR`, configure ArborX via
```

Author: Nah

```CMake
ARGS=(
    -D CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX="$ARBORX_INSTALL_DIR"
    -D ARBORX_ENABLE_MPI=ON
    -D CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH="$KOKKOS_INSTALL_DIR"
    -D CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER="$KOKKOS_INSTALL_DIR/bin/nvcc_wrapper"
    -D CMAKE_CXX_EXTENSIONS=OFF # required by Kokkos
    )
cmake "${ARGS[@]}" "${ARBORX_DIR:-../}"
```
then run `make install`. ArborX will then be installed in

> `$ARBORX_INSTALL_DIR`. If Kokkos was built without CUDA backend, remove

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`$ARBORX_INSTALL_DIR`. If Kokkos was built without CUDA support, remove the
```

`CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER` configuration option.

To disable MPI, configure with
```CMake
    -D ARBORX_ENABLE_MPI=OFF
```

To enable ArborX examples, configure with
```CMake
    -D ARBORX_ENABLE_EXAMPLES=ON
```

To validate the ArborX build, install Boost version 1.67 or 1.68
(`$BOOST_INSTALL_DIR`), configure with
```CMake
    -D CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH="$KOKKOS_INSTALL_DIR;$BOOST_INSTALL_DIR"
    -D ARBORX_ENABLE_TESTS=ON
```
and run `make test` after completing the build.

To enable ArborX benchmarks, install [Google
Benchmark](https://github.com/google/benchmark) version 1.4 or later
(`$BENCHMARK_INSTALL_DIR`), Boost version 1.67 or later (`$BOOST_INSTALL_DIR`),

> configure with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and configure with
```

```CMake
    -D CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH="$KOKKOS_INSTALL_DIR;$BOOST_INSTALL_DIR;$BENCHMARK_INSTALL_DIR"
    -D ARBORX_ENABLE_BENCHMARKS=ON
```
The individual benchmarks can then be run from `benchmarks` directory.

ArborX also supports building against Kokkos built as part of
[Trilinos](https://github.com/trilinos/Trilinos). This requires Trilinos hash
[de15ca5352](https://github.com/trilinos/Trilinos/commit/de15ca5352bdd31e94a2ba6af1a1b56cefe546da)
or later. In this case, `$KOKKOS_INSTALL_DIR` should point to the Trilinos installation
directory.

## Spack

> ArborX can also be installed using [Spack](https://github.com/spack/spack)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ArborX can also be installed using the [Spack](https://github.com/spack/spack)
```

Reviewer: ??

> package manager. A basic installation can be done as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
package manager. A basic installation can be obtained via:
```

```shell
spack install arborx
```
Spack allows options and compilers to be turned on in the install command:
```shell
spack install arborx@1.0 %gcc@8.1.0 ~mpi+cuda
```
This example illustrates most common parameters:
- Variants are specified with `~` or `+` (e.g. `+cuda`) and enable or disable certain options

> - Version (`@version`) immediately follows `arborx` and can specify a specific ArborX version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Version (`@version`) immediately follows `arborx` and one can specify a specific ArborX version
```

    -D ARBORX_ENABLE_EXAMPLES=ON
```

> To validate the ArborX build, install Boost version 1.67 or 1.68

Reviewer: Are we sure about the `1.67` requirement?  I can't remember where it comes from.
I can't tell what would break when I look in the [changelog](https://www.boost.org/users/history/version_1_67_0.html)

Author: I can't recall where it's coming from, but it is hardcoded in our tests.

Author: This is fine for now, as we know these 2 versions work in all configurations.

```CMake
target_link_libraries(<target> ArborX::ArborX)
```
Note that because of the way CMake deals with dependencies, users of ArborX
will need to make sure that Kokkos installation directory is visible to CMake.

> The easiest way to address it is to add both to configuration options:

Author: If anyone knows a solution to this problem, I would be happy to hear it.

Reviewer: Actually Cabana does this https://github.com/ECP-copa/Cabana/blob/27a31ab987d978eff18b443de1f5dc658c02237e/core/src/CabanaConfig.cmakein#L2-L4

Reviewer: Not endorsing it, just sharing

Author: I'm don't understand that code and it's relevance here. Where is that `Kokkos_DIR` in the check coming from?

Reviewer: Say you are configuring a code that does `find_package(Cabana)`.  Unless you set `Kokkos_DIR` yourself, Cabana's exported configuration sets the variable for you which guarantees the same Kokkos that was used to build Cabana is found.

Author: Continued in #287.

```CMake
target_link_libraries(<target> ArborX::ArborX)
```
Note that because of the way CMake deals with dependencies, users of ArborX

> will need to make sure that Kokkos installation directory is visible to CMake.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will need to make sure that Kokkos' installation directory is visible to CMake.
```

> The easiest way to address it is to add both to configuration options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The easiest way to address it is to add both to the configuration options:
```
